sessiontype: Interest Group
title: "Post-1945 Music Analysis Interest Group"
slug: post-1945-ig
room: The Orange Room
time: 'Saturday morning, November 7, 11–11:50 CST'
link: /sessions/nov7/morning/post-1945-ig
playlist:
slack: https://smt-2020.slack.com/archives/C01C9MF6MDK
zoom:
chair:
    formatted: Laura Emmery and Antares Boyle, co-chairs
abstract: |
    <p>Announcement/reminder about joint session with AMS Cold War and Music Study Group (3 min)</p>
    <p>Humanities Commons join session (5 min) Facebook group: (7 min)</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Should we keep this group or shut it down?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>One suggestion: leave the group up on Facebook but disassociate it from our IG</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>If so, what should we rename it?</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    <li>
    <p>If the group is kept:</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Who should be admitted into the group? (keep the group “open” or make it “closed”?)</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>How to avoid problematic posts?</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>Publication Award: (5 min)</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Committee will announce recipient</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Discussion of award procedure:</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Committee observations or suggestions</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>What should the time span for the award be? (2 years? 3 years?)</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Should we allow non-peer-reviewed articles to allow more non-North-American sources?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Does the award need a name?</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>Diversity: (10 min)</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>What can we do to increase racial/ethnic diversity in our group?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>How can we increase gender and racial/ethnic diversity in awards nominations?</p>
    </li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>2021 Meeting: (15 min)</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Ideas for the IG meeting and format (a workshop, lightning talks, etc.)?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Possible topics discussed at previous meetings:</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Pedagogy</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Music since 2000</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    <li>
    <p>Should we propose a special SMT session (in addition to IG session)?</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Timeline would be: internal CFP due in early December in order to finish proposal by January 15</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    </ul>
    
    <p>Writing Bylaws (15 min)</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>See <a href="https://societymusictheory.org/sites/default/files/events/misc/2020docs/Post-1945%20Bylaws%20Draft%20for%20Meeting%20Discussion.pdf">preliminary draft</a> (written by Tara and Laura and largely based on other IG’s by- laws)</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Questions:</p>
    
    <ul>
    <li>
    <p>Do we need to update our mission statement?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Leadership for this group has not had previously defined term limits. With the writing of by-laws, it seems like a good time to set up an official procedure and term limits. Suggestions?</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Remove references to Facebook page if necessary</p>
    </li>
    <li>
    <p>Update award details following discussion</p>
    </li>
    </ul></li>
    </ul>
